Do you have someone in your life that is obsessed with yarn? Do they eat, drink, and breathe crotchet? Are you on the brink of bankruptcy due to tri-weekly Hobby Lobby adventures? Well, have I got a solution to....absolutely none of your problems. However, if you would like to make the yarnie in your life happy, try out this dumb script I wrote. To push the boundaries of human knowledge, I created a hydro-evolutionary, neurodivergent, static electricity powered machine learning algorithm that tracks the number of stitches the yarnie in your life has done since the program started or the last time it was reset. It does so by measuring hyper subtle changes in hemoglobin levels that are otherwise undetectable. 

And by super complicated machine learning algorithm I mean it is basically a timer. Figure out about how fast your yarnie does a stitch, adjust the sleep time in the reset_paused_state function. It takes the video from the webcam and feeds it into the mediapipe hand detection function and starts and stops the timer depending on if your yarnies hands are to the center of the image. It doesn't always work but one cool feature is when the hands are placed by the coordinates of the snap_dot variable, the counter should reset. The idea is you can just raise your hand up a little bit, and snapping your fingers should trigger the counter to reset. The video is on a Flask server because my yarnie wanted to be able to stream the video but it would work just as well with cv.imshow by just removing the server

If you would like to use it, it will probably require a little bit of tweaking because it is pretty low effor but it got me many brownie points from the yarnie in my life. 
